# Clean-Tourism-Data-by-SAS

# About Data
This table contains information about the arrivals of non-resident visitors, departures, and tourism expenditure in the country and in other countries. The raw data was downloaded from the UN data website. The second table you'll be working with is the country_info table. This table contains country names and continent IDs. Let's dive a bit deeper into these tables. The tourism table contains information about international tourism. The two main categories of information in this table are inbound and outbound tourism for each country. Let's discuss these categories. Let's look at an example of outbound tourism. We have individuals from India traveling all around the world visiting countries like Italy to see the Coliseum, Russia to see Saint Basil's Cathedral, or to Australia to see the Sydney Opera House. All of these trips are considered outbound tourism from India and the table contains information about departures and tourism expenditure in US dollars. The Taj Mahal is a beautiful attraction in India and considered one of the new seven wonders of the world. This is a very popular destination that travelers from all over the world come to visit. All of these trips are considered inbound tourism to India and the data contains information about arrivals and expenditure in US dollars. In it's original form, the tourism table consists of 23 columns and over 2,400 rows. Let's take a look at a partial image at the table. Here we can see information for the United Kingdom. The A column contains a numeric ID when a country name appears in the country column. The country column contains a variety of information such as country names, tourism type, inbound or outbound, and tourism categories such as the number of arrivals or departures from a country or expenditure in the country or other countries in US dollars. The series column contains the data collection method used by the country. For example, IMF stands for International Monetary Fund. We won't focus much on this column in the case study. Columns _1995 through _2014, contains scaled numeric data stored as text. The country column contains the information you need to properly convert this data to a numeric value. Values are US dollar amounts in millions for rows containing expenditure data and passenger count values for arrivals and departures are in thousands. For example, a scaled value of 21,719 for arrivals in thousands will be calculated by multiplying the number times 1,000 for a value of 21,719,000. The country_info table contains two columns and 250 rows. The continent column contains IDs for each continent. For example, one is North America, two is South America, and so on. Your document will list each value with the corresponding continent. The country column contains the name of each country.

# Work that Done
We restructure the tourism table to meet the specific data requirement and create the cleaned_tourism table.
Then after we have merge the newly restructured tourism table with the country_info table to create the final tourism table that only contains matching row.
